welcome to my channel my name is
ways, thanks for watching me, let's
talk about trade management group
4 trade management as far as
effectively our merchants can transfer
trading power this parameter depends on
our maritime traditions
maritime tradition is the accumulated maritime
your state's experience tradition can
be increased by your national
building ideas
sea ​​battles for exploration
new lands and so trade management
this is what you expect to see in
change
here are these numbers u he actually
is here in this zone
let's take for example our merchant
which transmits the trading force to the merchant
near tunisia
these little icons let us
choose the direction of your trade you
can direct your power only in those
directions are indicated on the map
we have two options either direct
bargaining power to seville
beggin 'it and what happens to ours
trading force when you drink and another
place we have 2.2 trading village in
the tunisian trade zone we multiply this
number on our trade management
which is almost 21
percentage and in the end we get that
we translate
Seville shopping center 2.7 our
trading force which is eight
hundredth ducato
but this does not mean that we are directly in the field
our treasury with this translation is the opposite: we
increase the turnover of Seville
shopping hub to be shared
depending on the distribution of forces on
market if one country is supplied
force traders
capital outflow rate is added
base five percent which
multiplied by our trade management
Our case of Portugal will be 6
percent second country in the stream
gets base two and a half percent 3
1 and 6 4 1 and 2 and 5 1 percent all
the rest will receive zero percent
before the change in patch 1 and number 2
base percent received depended on
of what you have become
redirect your trading power
Unfortunately, I have no information on which
by indicator or forum or and stares
this moment if you have information
about this i would be glad to get on
this management trade zion thanks
what watched this video subscribe
on my channel see you soon